they're hoping if you spin the chamber
enough times you're gonna catch a woman
[Music]
just easy that way this is that
extraction so who the players biggest
drug lord in India versus biggest drug
lord in Bangladesh submitting huh
it's a kidnapping drug lords son trucks
running at sixteen hours
proof of life is a six hours ago
[Music]
you want to survive you do exactly as I
say who are you move fast extend up
citizen look
the job is Tyler China she's fun
our money is a walking corpse and
there's no way too predictable you have
a family
there's some utility fees again
the best thing you could do for that kid
would be the bullet is my because in a
chopper and get your own let you go to
leave the kid behind
are you gonna leave me the street
[Music]
my best hang on as tight as you can
our kids he trust me he'll
are you always disbelief
in the growth the rescue people
sometimes
sometimes to do other things
[Music]
give it up next for led to the good
thing about being different in a town
like this is that no one expects you to
be like them I'm 17 I live in square
hamish with my dad I run a business
writing essays for people I guess I just
never thought I'd need anyone else $10
for three pages no I'm not trying to
cheat what's this a letter maybe you can
make me sound smart
dear aster Florence I'm in love with you
[Music]
these hallways are we murdered
I'm Alicia yeah I know you want a letter
about love I'll write you a letter about
love
hey she wrote back we can do this ask
him to hang out come on dude
you message me yup
conversation is like ping-pong I hit one
and then you where were you born
in Squamish what do you like about ska
Hamish I've never been anywhere else
mine either what do you like about asked
her she's pretty and smart
what else could I like about her I don't
know how her eyes are Crichton neighbors
how you could live in an ocean of her
thoughts and what she really knows
I'm so stupid I just meant you like a
sir hey it would suck to have to pretend
to be not you your whole life man
account no wait you know what it's like
to finally meet someone your age who
gets you
it's not finding your perfect half
it's the trying and reaching and failing
and she said you don't see her
who she is
she could be
[Music]
how much longer my concept to be here we
need your help
I want have sexual intercourse
something was a car watch a car
stop moping try this they're looking for
writers to be a rock critic
I'm Johanna Morgan I have an interview
for the job did you think my writing was
good it's not really us darling it's
like that need guys like you
come on let's go good god it's a child
catcher Johanna Morgan is dead this is
the legendary Saudi wild
last night rock'n'roll meant nothing to
me by midnight it was the most important
thing in the world
Donna if you ever done to you I've never
done anything before
these are the places you come where you
can dance and scream and be with your
own kind or everything is possible
dolly was trouble yes I am the thing
about crossing over to the dark side is
that once you're there
it doesn't feel dark at all
question severe Johanna is when did you
lose your mind
what'd you do when you build yourself
only to realize you build yourself with
the wrong things you rip it up and start
again
[Music]
this we would like to run in the next
issue thank you thank you very much
ma'am are you in fact pretending to be
Elvis right now
how'd you get out of my mom's place my
husband's gone and I lost her house
what are we calling it Jean thank you so
much you're always welcome here where's
your dishwasher you're looking at a kid
oh no dishwasher no clothes dryer no
microwave
see me no TV this won't be forever just
until I get us back on our feet this is
James O'Connor he's gonna teach her mama
how to run the farm all right
all right two minutes out in the barn
where it's a big red structure out back
these are chickens and these are goats
that's just Taylor all right there's
Katy Perry do they all have names yeah
they all got names but I just call him
goat I'm not sure I'm Anna farming time
I'll agree with that I am not cut out
for this
we need to ire a real and she'll learn
I did too
sometimes it's fine I'm drowning this
kind of pain and loss it cracks you open
but we are made of a magic and
resilience living I am just as lost as
the next guy trust me
you work with pot farmer yeah he's the
reason we come here hmm
he's hot
[Music]
[Applause]
beautiful
this is not you what's me well we can
find out when you come home where do I
go this is all I've got
you look great you are a desk
[Music]
wait no not I just heard the rooster
he's a rooster boosters can't tell time
I saw something that I wasn't supposed
to see and they sent those two guys over
to our apartment
Georgia I've been hiding in Paris ever
since Sam he was get out there and do
something you waste all your time when
that internet cut not those newspapers
and put them together
whatever it was it's been over Georgia
[Music]
it's her
I have to find out the death what say
the same nurse
Georgia Georgia
Sam kipnuk Jared oops cat now this is
gonna sound insane I think George is
alive so Georgia died in a fire I think
she changed her look completely dyed her
hair removed her tattoos she goes by
Lauren Clark now are you Georgia alright
I don't know who you are
I know you on the guy what did you do I
want a lot of hit list
found me here they'll find us anywhere
finish the job
[Music]
they call this thing you threaten me
I just have to know if it's you
[Music]
there's evidence that suggests but
jack-in-the-boxes were originally built
in France to contain evil entities
[Music]
I got 50 bucks says this boy beat
anybody in this one my blood suck it's
in yours did it ever occur to you to be
his parents to DS playmate oh you what
do I takes off your bad now yeah it's
not fair you drove him away
wait you're Dallas kid we're playing for
money he less rack'em not ball didn't
call the boy called it right I did
hear him this boy beat us fair and
square
[Music]
anywhere I can take you
his plays in bars for money right this
cop might be looking for me gonna turn
me in
I don't know yet Dallas you know whether
he comes back or even if he doesn't you
can't let it derail your own life hey
Dad you know you Bob
you're gonna bring dad home don't do
this thousand dollars yeah I know we can
get the money
[Applause]
[Music]
who are you sorry I love Joyce you
always have a choice you know Joel berry
no roadmap to be the daddy just do the
best we can not here for you
I'm here to beat you I think we'd be
making some pizza here tonight never
beat me more than a game in a row in his
whole life
make it good daddy I shot you get
[Applause]
[Music]
we know what they say marriages form on
doors no interest in sex booty working
nonstop stuff being so aggressively
passive-aggressive why do you think that
is
so I know about you know things between
the two of you does your husband know I
really smell so cool
that's the Jumbo okay well how about a
hike I have a smoke rat to keep up with
you Kathy you know Xander and apparently
you've already met Gemma gene and Paul
he is not allowed in this house are you
suggesting that I lose my virginity to a
prostitute and that my dad should pay
for it
now we're ready for you
he's like Mexican been saving to get out
of this dump and you're gonna help me
[Music]
Jimmy now we got a plan
simple eats like drugs it's called the
whole brick I'm not doing anything
criminal are you calling me a criminal
hey I'm here for you you in or not I'm
not doing it okay how do you think we're
gonna get out of here then folding
sheets this is America you want the
rainbow you got to put up with the rain
okay doing this we have to do it right
we can leave this place you start over
where would we go
come on be involved or something
over there same uniform
plus we mean a friend of mine who's
staying here
where is he do you know what they will
do with me it's gonna be okay
I never lost any
[Music]
darling your father and I have something
to tell you
but we don't want you to worry my ginger
only barks which he sent this danger
[Music]
Miss Jones this is dr. velinski I need
to reschedule our appointment for today
Oh nothing is wrong I'm just a little
under the weather
[Music]
humans they can all do one thing really
well they can all die us changelings
vampires zombies which is ghouls
you've ruined my wife this is Jimmy
Dyson my boyfriend
hey cheese that's where dad you're not
naming of the photos there is something
not right come on you know this is a
perfectly safe neighborhood what if
there's a predator pig in a blanket
oh thank you we're here to see dr.
walenski he's in the oven at the moment
you're still accounting I work from home
okay so I don't see my clients here's to
a family with no secret this is your
how are we gonna help this creature
[Music]